(OPENING SONG, "Hey World")
[HESTIA, voiceover] Hey, Bell!
"Danmachi 2" is finally here!
[BELL, voiceover] Yep.
That's right, Goddess!
[BELL] I'm excited to see
what kinds of new friends
and adventures are
waiting for me this time!
(HESTIA giggles)
[HESTIA] That's
so like you, Bell.
But before you get
to adventuring,
we have something very important
we have to take care of.
Don'tcha think?
[BELL] Huh? What's that?
[HESTIA] There are
some people out there
who don't really know our story.
It's our job to fill them in!
The dramatic tale of
our journey together...
It's a tale of love!
[BELL] A‐a tale of love?!
[HESTIA] Yes. It is a
fateful encounter, a
farewell, and a reunion...
Our bodies held close under
the moonlight, whispering
sweet nothings to each other...
Until finally...!
[BELL] H‐h‐hold on, Goddess!
I don't remember anything
quite like that...
[HESTIA] But we ought to get
everyone up to speed
on all the stuff we've been
through, don't you think?
[BELL] Okay, yeah...
I guess you're right.
I would also like everyone
to know our story.
I want to tell them about
how me and my goddess got
to where we are now!
(HESTIA giggles)
[HESTIA] Alright!
Then let's get going!
Let the glorious reminiscing
about the story of
our unwavering love begin!
(BELL groans)
[BELL, voiceover] We live in
the Labyrinth City of Orario.
In addition to the
Dungeon, the city is home to
countless gods and adventurers.
It's the most famous
city in the world.
[HESTIA, voiceover] "Gods"
and "adventurers" might be
a little much to throw at
them right away.
This stuff could be confusing
for some people, so allow me
to explain in detail.
Us gods and goddesses can
give our children living in
the lower world a special type
of power called a blessing.
[BELL] That's when you
etch a status onto
someone's back, right?
[HESTIA] Uh‐huh.
[BELL] Once they have that,
they can become an adventurer
and fight monsters.
[HESTIA] Yup! And then, the god
who gave the blessing
and the adventurer who received
it form a "Familia."
[HESTIA] Just like me
and Bell! Awww..
[BELL] Big Familias have
a ton of adventurers amongst
their ranks,
[BELL] but our Familia has
always been just the two of us.
Isn't that right?
[HESTIA] And there's nothing
wrong with that!
[HESTIA] The Hestia Familia
is a Familia born from mine
and Bell's love.
[HESTIA] It's the two of
us against the world for
the rest of eternity!
[HESTIA] Isn't that
right, Bell?!
[BELL] Oh, u‐um...
We still have some other
stuff we need to cover...
[HESTIA] Huh?! Why
won't you answer me?!
Bell! I'm waiting...
[BELL] U‐uh... Oh, right!
We still have to tell them
about the Dungeon, don't we?
[HESTIA] Hm? Yeah, I guess so.
[HESTIA] The Dungeon is an
underground labyrinth where
monsters are born.
[HESTIA] Sure, it's incredibly
dangerous down there,
[HESTIA] but it's
practically crawling with
opportunities for people to make
money and get famous.
[BELL] That's why people from
all around the world who want
to become adventurers flock
to the city.
[HESTIA] And you were one of
those people weren't you, Bell?
[BELL] Actually, I wasn't after
money or anything like that...
I've always admired heroes
like the ones you read about
in storybooks.
My grandpa also said something
that stuck with me...
[BELL'S GRANDPA, voiceover]
A promising young adventurer
like you needs to find love
in a dungeon.
Once you rescue a young
maiden from a big, ugly,
terrifying beast... you'll
be in her good graces.
And that is what
adventuring is all about.
[BELL, voiceover] At first,
I wasn't sure something like
that could really happen.
[BELL] But...
(primal roar)
(BELL freaking out)
(winding up)
(BELL scream)
(punching)
(pained roar)
(BELL freaking out)
(MINOTAUR mad) (attack)
(pain, roaring) (attacking)
(freak out)
(MINOTAUR dying)
(BELL shocked)
(dying breath)
(shocked)
(roaring)
(speechless)
[AIS] You there.
[BELL] Huh?
[AIS] Are you all right?
(head tilt)
[BELL, voiceover] The girl who
saved me back then...
Her name is Miss
Ais Wallenstein.
She's part of the largest
Familia in the city, the Loki
Familia. And she's a lvl. 5.
She's also nicknamed
the Sword Princess.
She's strong and cool,
and I'm going to catch
up to her one day!
(HESTIA super annoyed)
[BELL] Huh? What's
the matter, Goddess?
[HESTIA, voiceover]
What's the big deal?!
You get way too excited
talking about
that dumb
Wallen‐whaters‐whatever!
I swear, you're just so...!
[BELL] Uh, u‐um... Do
you mind if I continue
with the story, Goddess?
[HESTIA] Ugh. Fine.
(mass panic)
[MAN] Run!
(SILVERBACK roar)
(BELL gasp)
(gasp) Bell?!
[BELL, voiceover] The
Monsterphilia incident...
It was scary, wasn't it?
[HESTIA, voiceover] Yeah...
I still can't
believe a monster
showed up in the
middle of Orario.
We were in so much trouble
when it started chasing me!
But...!
(roar)
[HESTIA] There you go.
(heavy breathing)
(roar)
(scared)
[HESTIA] It's okay, Bell.
Huh?
It's like I said before.
I've given you the key
to victory.
(sigh) Alright.
You believe in me right?
Yeah!
[HESTIA] Then get out there!
[HESTIA, voiceover] Here he
comes, here he comes! Jump,
Bell! Go, my darling Bell!
(BELL embarrassed laughter)
(snarl)
(fighting)
(angry)
Yahhh!
(gurgling pain)
(HESTIA thrilled)
[HESTIA, voiceover]
That was so cool!
Okay, let's watch it again,
Bell! One more time, from when
you took off running!
[BELL, voiceover] C‐come on,
please cut it out, Goddess!
Besides, the only reason
I won that fight was because
of the knife you gave me.
(HESTIA coy laughter)
[HESTIA, voiceover] It makes me
happy to hear you say that.
[BELL, voiceover] Speaking of
which, how'd you get Hephaistos
to make you that knife?
I would've expected a weapon
crafted by the Goddess of the
Forge herself to be really
expensive.
[HESTIA, voiceover] Huh?
O‐oh... About that...
W‐well...Um...
I guess you could say it was
my godly negotiation skills...
(HESTIA nervous laughter)
[BELL, voiceover] Really?
I still don't get it, but
that sounds amazing!
[HESTIA, voiceover]
Y‐yeah... totally amazing.
So amazing that my legs
were falling asleep...
[BELL, voiceover]
What do you mean?
[HESTIA, voiceover]
Oh? That reminds me,
I wonder how much I still have
left to pay on the loan...
I'd forgotten until just now...
[BELL, voiceover] G‐Goddess?
You seem kind of down all of
a sudden...
[HESTIA, voiceover] Oh, um...
Remind me, what happened after
that again?
[EINA] Seriously!? Floor 7!?
But it was only just the
other day you almost got
yourself killed on level 5!
What in the world makes you
think you're ready for 7!?
[EINA] How insane can
you possibly be!?
[BELL, voiceover] I wanted
to go exploring further down
in the Dungeon,
but I got yelled at by my
Guild advisor, Miss Eina.
She said I had to form a party.
[HESTIA, voiceover] And she
had a very valid point, too.
Up until then, you'd only
ever gone into the Dungeon
all by yourself.
[BELL, voiceover] I'd always
wished I had some friends to go
exploring with in the Dungeon...
And then, that's when I
happened to meet Lili.
[LILI] Mister! Hey Mister!
You with the white hair!
A very good day to you, sir!
Sorry to bother you but would
you happen to be in the market
for a supporter?
[BELL, voiceover] Liliruca Arde:
a member of the Soma Familia and
a level 1.
That was the first time
we'd really talked.
It takes me back...
(HESTIA exaggerated irritation)
[HESTIA, voiceover] Stay away,
you annoying supporter!
(annoyed)
[BELL, voiceover]
"Stay away"...?
[HESTIA, voiceover]
Oh, come on! It's been obvious
from the very beginning
what she's really after!
She's so sneaky, you can't trust
her as far as you can throw her!
[BELL, voiceover] G‐Goddess!
That's a little harsh...
[HESTIA, voiceover] (pouty)
Harsh? I don't think so.
Jeez... I mean, she ended up
stealing the knife I gave you,
didn't she?!
You know what you call
that? She's a thief!
(BELL realization)
[BELL, voiceover] W‐well...
Lili had a lot going on around
the time she and I first met...
(scared)
[GARNEAU] Oo,
that for me!?
Ah, so then.
I see ya got
more than usual!
Well, sorry, it still
ain't quite enough though,
is it? (laughs)
[GARNEAU] You're lucky, a twerp
like you wouldn't have a chance
to join the Soma Familia.
You know who you have
to thank, doncha?!
[LILI] (pain)It's.. it's all
because of the adventurers...
[BELL, voiceover] Lili had been
pushed around by adventurers for
so long that she came to despise
them.
In order to guarantee her
freedom, she needed all the
money she could get her hands
on.
[HESTIA, voiceover] Yeah, I
know. She had it rough, blah
blah blah.
And you're the one who ended up
having to go and save her.
[LILI, internal] I was so
lonely... I just wanted to
be needed by someone.
But it's over now...
I'm finally going to die.
After a lifetime
of helplessness...
Weakness... Worthlessness...
and loneliness.
It's all coming to an end...
Finally... I'm going to die.
[BELL] Lili...
[LILI] I'm going to die?!
[BELL] Fire bolt!
Master Bell... How did
you.. get back here?
I'm glad I made it in time.
[LILI] Why?
Huh?
I want to know why!
Why did you come back and save
me when you know good and well
you should've left me
to die, Master Bell!
Huh? What?
[BELL] Actually,
it's cause it was you.
(LILI gasp)
Really. That's why
I wanted to do it.
I only did it because
it was you, Lili.
(LILI crying)
[BELL] I didn't want to lose
you. That's all there is to it.
[BELL] You're reason enough.
(LILI gasp, crying)
Lili.. if you're ever in
trouble. Just tell me.
I never told you this, and I
probably already should have..
[BELL] But I will always
be here for you.
(sobbing)
(surprised)
(crying)
[BELL] It's okay.
[BELL, voiceover] Even now,
I can't imagine not having
Lili in our party.
[BELL] She's so important to me.
Nobody's ever taught you how
to truly fight.. have they?
No...
[AIS] Well..
Then what would you say
to letting me teach you?
(shock)
(HESTIA exaggerated gasp)
[HESTIA, voiceover] Well,
if it isn't that dumb
Wallen‐whaters‐whatever!
[BELL, voiceover] Come on.
Please don't be like that.
Miss Ais put a lot of time
and effort into training me.
[HESTIA, voiceover] Well...
I suppose I must admit
she did play a role in
helping you get stronger.
And the truth is, if she hadn't
agreed to train you back then...
[BELL, voiceover] That's right.
That monster probably would
have gotten the best of me.
(nervous turn)
[BELL, voiceover] A minotaur...
Never in a million years would
I have expected one to appear
on that floor.
And the fact that I had
to fight it like that...
[HESTIA, voiceover]
Even looking back on it
now, it's totally insane.
You were only a level 1...
If you think about it, there's
no way you should've been able
to win against that thing.
[AIS] Are you all right?
(gasp)
[AIS] You did very well..
but I'll save you now.
[HESTIA, voiceover]
Only, she didn't have
to save you this time.
(AIS gasp)
[BELL] I won't do it..
I will not let Ais Wallenstein
rescue me anymore!
Never again!
[BELL, voiceover] Right. That
was my very first adventure.
(BELL charging in)
(fighting)
[HESTIA, voiceover]
There are different levels
amongst adventurers.
Changes in an adventurer's
status don't have an effect
on their level.
The only way for them to
raise their level is through
adventures.
[BELL] Exactly.
(charging in)
Bell, no!
He'll be fine.
(fighting continues)
[BELL] Fire Bolt.
(pain roar)
What? You want some more?
[BELL] Fire Bolt!
(pain)
(grunts)
(gasps)
(uneasy)
Fire bolt!
(roaring)
[LILI]
Master Bell...
[HESTIA, voiceover] That
adventure definitely made
you a lot stronger.
You make me so proud, Bell.
[BELL, voiceover]
Thank you, Goddess.
[HESTIA, voiceover]
And that's how you managed
to rank up so quickly.
You became a level two
adventurer: the Little
Rookie, Bell Cranel.
(BELL shy laugh)
[BELL, voiceover] I still get
a little embarrassed when you
introduce me like that.
[HESTIA, voiceover] The higher
your level, the further down
into the Dungeon you can
venture.
But in order to do that, you've
got to have a few more friends
you can always count on.
[BELL, voiceover] Right around
the time I was thinking about
expanding our party, I met Welf.
(snort)
(laughter)
(confused)
(cracking up)
[WELF] Shop till ya' drop, kid!
Armor by Welf Crozzo.
[HESTIA, voiceover] Welf Crozzo:
A blacksmith of the Hephaistos
Familia, and a level one.
You had admired his work for
quite a while, hadn't you?
[BELL, voiceover] Yes! So I was
really happy he agreed to make
special arrangements for me.
And not only that,
he joined our party!
[HESTIA, voiceover] Good
thing you met him, huh?
I was also pretty glad your new
party member wasn't a girl. It
was such a relief!
[BELL, voiceover] Is that
what you cared about...?
(BELL awkward laugh)
[BELL, voiceover] Well... with
Welf joining us, that brought
our party to three people.
We decided to forge on ahead
into the middle floors.
[HESTIA, voiceover] And that's
where the dungeon gets much more
challenging.
The monsters are very
different and a lot stronger
than anything you had
encountered on the upper floors.
[BELL, voiceover] Right..
We prepared ourselves as
best we could
and planned to attack
everything head on. But...
[LILI] There's more?
That's not all either..
(gasp)
[BELL] (sigh)
Looks like we're surrounded.
[WELF] Why do the monsters on
these middle floors always catch
up to us so fast?
[LILI] Yeah. That's just
how it works down here.
[BELL, voiceover] It didn't
matter how much we'd tried to
prepare, or how many people we
had in our party.
None of it made a difference,
and the Dungeon didn't care.
[HESTIA, voiceover] That, and
there was also the accident.
No use worrying about it now...
Though at the time, when
you guys didn't come back..
I was totally out of my
mind worrying about you.
[BELL, voiceover] I'm sorry...
But you really surprised me.
I didn't think you'd come
to rescue me yourself.
(HESTIA giggle)
[HESTIA, voiceover]
Well of course I did!
If it's for you, Bell, come hell
or high water or the Dungeon...
I'll spring to your side
no matter where you are!
(BELL awkward laughter)
(HESTIA giggling)
[BELL, voiceover] But
seriously, I was so happy.
And it wasn't just you. Miss
Mikoto and her party, Master
Hermes, and even Miss Ryu came
to help.
[HESTIA, voiceover] It was all
because everyone was so
concerned about you.
Though to be honest, the whole
thing was pretty dangerous, huh?
[BELL, voiceover] Well... Yes.
(waking up)
(gasp)
Welf! L‐Lili!
(pain)
[AIS] Are you all right?
Hm?
[BELL] Wha...? Wha...?
[BELL] What?!
[HESTIA, voiceover]
Whoa whoa wait!
What's that stupid
Wallen‐whaters‐who'sit
doing here again?!
[BELL, voiceover] I‐I‐I'm
sorry! I really am sorry!
I‐I mean... We somehow
managed to escape to the
safe zone on the 18th Floor.
That's when we ran into the Loki
Familia on their way back from
an expedition, and they ended up
saving us...
[HESTIA, voiceover]
I know, but still!
[HESTIA] Hmph!
(BELL awkward laugh)
[BELL, voiceover] Uh, but...
I was really caught off guard
when I saw the 18th Floor.
[HESTIA, voiceover] Ahh?
The Labyrinth Paradise:
Under Resort.
I guess most anyone would be
surprised to see a town smack in
the middle of the Dungeon.
[BELL, voiceover] I'll never
forget that amazing view
for the rest of my life.
(HESTIA giggling)
[HESTIA, voiceover] That's
a very "Bell" thing to say...
Huh? Hold on just a second...
[BELL, voiceover]
Is something wrong?
[HESTIA, voiceover] When you
say an "amazing view"
that you won't forget...
You had better not be talking
about that one incident...
[BELL, hesitant] "Incident"...?
Listen to me kid.
Spying on chicks is how a man
expresses his feelings. Duh.
(falling scream)
(LADIES scream)
Oops.
(coughing)
[TIONA] Hey! It's Mr. Argonaut!
Did you want to come
take a bath with us too?
Wow and here I was
thinking you were all
sweet and innocent.
[BELL] N‐n‐no! Granted, it was
definitely an amazing view I'll
never, ever forget, but...
[BELL, voiceover] Wait,
that's not the point!
[HESTIA] (sigh) I was
shocked by your behavior.
What on Earth were you thinking?
[BELL, voiceover] This is all
a misunderstanding, Goddess!
I swear I wasn't
trying to peep...!
[HESTIA, voiceover] I guess
I can't be too mad...
And I bet Hermes was the one
who talked you into it, anyway.
(BELL hesitation)
(sheepish laughter)
(embarrassed gasp)
I...
I'm sorry!
(embarrassed yell)
(gasps)
[ASFI] What is this?
[HERMES] The dungeon wants
to express it's revulsion.
So it's chosen to
trap us all inside.
(roar)
(heavy breathing)
(yell)
[HERMES] Just as I thought..
it's the floor boss.
[BELL, voiceover] The black
Floor Boss that showed up...
I still can't wrap
my head around it.
That was the first time I'd ever
seen such a terrifying monster.
[HESTIA, voiceover] It wasn't
just you, Bell. No matter how
you spin it, that thing was
irregular.
It wasn't the sort of monster
you'd normally come across while
exploring the Dungeon.
[BELL, voiceover] We had so many
adventurers... and yet no one
able to put a scratch on it...
[HESTIA, voiceover] Even so, not
a single one of them ran away.
[HESTIA, voiceover] Every
adventurer on that battlefield
joined together to fight.
[HESTIA, voiceover] They didn't
give in. They all rose to face a
fearsome enemy.
[HESTIA, voiceover]
Including you, Bell.
[BELL'S GRANDPA] Let your
feelings burn like fire.
Cry out with all your desire!
[HESTIA, voiceover] The skill
that had manifested itself in
you, "Argonaut"...
The potential to turn the
tide in any situation...
The ticket to a child achieving
his dream of wanting so badly to
become a hero...
[HESTIA, voiceover] A measly
little skill that holds its
own when used against an
overwhelmingly powerful enemy.
In other words...
(roaring)
[HESTIA, voiceover]
A Hero's Shot!
(dying yell)
(CROWD cheering)
[LILI] Master Bell! You
actually defeated Goliath!
[CLOSING SONG,
"Right Light Rise"]
[HESTIA, voiceover] Oh, man!
Looking back on everything,
we really went through a lot,
didn't we?
[BELL, voiceover] We did.
I'll never forget a single
moment of it.
Speaking of which, Goddess...
Which part of our journey stands
out in your mind the most?
[HESTIA, voiceover] Hm? Me?
Well it'd have to be... the time
you confessed your love to me.
It was so sweet.
[BELL] What?!
[HESTIA] You told me,
"I love you, Goddess."
Then you pressed your
body up against mine...
Holding tight, you pinned
me to the bed and then you...!
[BELL] No, no, no! Nothing
like that ever happened!
[HESTIA] Well jeez,
don't get all mad, Bell.
Maybe we'll finally get
to see something like that
happen in "Danmachi 2"!
(HESTIA devious laughter)
[BELL] I really don't
think we will...
Uh, still... Looking back on
everything made me even more
excited for the future.
What kind of adventures
are waiting for us?
What kinds of people
will we get to meet?
[HESTIA] Yup, same here.
And I'm also looking forward
to seeing everyone out there
joining us in our
adventures again.
[BELL] Yeah!
Oh, it's about time
I head to the Dungeon.
I'm meeting up
with Welf and Lili.
[HESTIA] Oh really?
Then you better get going, Bell!
And of course,
you be careful, okay.
[BELL] Right! I'm off, Goddess!
[HESTIA] Next time: "Party."